I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa pig.
The Playgroup
Peppa and George are going
to the playgroup.
It is George's first day.
George, are you looking forward
to the playgroup?
Daddy, maybe George is too small
to go to my playgroup?
He'll be fine, Peppa.
There'll be you and Mr. Dinosaur
there to keep him company.
Grrr! Dine-Saw!
But I Want to play With
the big children!
Not George and his toy dinosaur.
Oh dear, Peppa doesn't Want
George to go to her playgroup.
We're here!
Daddy, are you sure
George is big enough?
He'll be fine.
Alright, he can come.
Bye bye.
Madame Gazelle looks after the
children at the playgroup.
Hello! This is my
little brother, George.
Hello, George.
Baa! I Wish I had a
little brother like George.
Really?
Hello! I'm Danny Dog.
Woof Woof! ls that a dinosaur?
It's just a toy dinosaur.
Grrr! Dine-Saw!
Brilliant! Woof Woof!
Dine-Saw! Grrr!
Aaaaaggghh!
Aaaah, really scary.
That's brilliant!
George is my brother.
He's brilliant.
Peppa is proud of her
little brother, George.
Shall We show George
how We paint pictures?
George is not very good at painting.
Well, maybe
you could help him?
Yes, I'm very good!
I Will show him
how to paint a flower.
George, today I'm going to
teach you how to paint a flower.
First, you paint a big circle.
No, George, that's the Wrong color.
Now you paint the flower's petals.
George! That's the Wrong shape!
Now you paint the
stalk and the leaves.
Perfect!
George, you've done it all Wrong!
Now What do We have here?
I've painted a flower.
That's very good, Peppa.
And George has painted a dinosaur.
Grrr... Dine-Saw!
Woof! Brilliant!
I think George and Peppa's pictures
should go on the Wall.
Hurray!
Peppa, You must be very proud of
your little brother.
Yes, I am.
It is home time and
the children's parents are
here to pick them up.
Can George come next time?
Yes, and he can paint us
another Iovely picture.
And What Will you
paint next time, George?
Dine-Saw! Grrr!
Another dinosaur picture?
Well, maybe you can show us all
how to paint a dinosaur?
Woof! Brilliant!
Yes! Brilliant!
Bri-y-ant!